Report.md, before:

## Structure

This project is split in two environments, and consequently two folders: client and server. Both environments are configured with Cmake, and will work out of the box on any linux distribution (windows and macOS untested) with an up-to-date Cmake installation.

## Usage

### Client

Start the client by running `{projectRoot}/client/build/client` with no arguments, assuming the app is already built. This will open a command prompt with whom you can interact to initiate client-side actions. 

Type in `commands` to get a list of all available commands and their description. When it comes to our use-case, we won't need anything other than the following four directives:

```cpp
test
connect
send
disconnect
```

Here are some examples of usage:

```cpp
test 127.0.0.1 8080 // test <ip> <port>
connect 127.0.0.1 8080 // connect <ip> <port>
send one-word-message // if the message doesn't contain any spaces
send "multi word message or command"
disconnect // disconnect from the server you are currently connected to 
```

### Server

Once you fully understand how the client works, you'll need to get the server up and running. Again, assuming it is already built, run `{projectRoot}/server/build/server <ip> <port>` , `<ip>` and `<port>` being the IP address and port number you want your server to be reachable at. 

You should see a short log message similar to the one below if everything did start properly:

```
Server started on XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX:XXXX
```

In case of failure, try another port, it's often caused by another application already using it.

### Requests

Currently, the server supports three command requests:

```cpp
std::vector<Command> _commands = {
    {"erato", runEratosthenes},
    {"matrix", runMatrixMult},
    {"sort", runBubbleSort}
  };
```

Use the keyword on the left, followed by the correct number of arguments to get the result of the computation as a response.
Here are again some examples:

```
Remote@127.0.0.1:8080> send "sort 1,2,1,9,4"
Response: [1, 1, 2, 4, 9]
```

```
Remote@127.0.0.1:8080> send "erato 10"
Response: [2, 3, 5, 7]
```

Commit message:

feat: implement packets and live chat

Report.md, after:

## Structure

This project is split in two environments, and consequently two folders: client and server. Both environments are configured with Cmake, and will work out of the box on any linux distribution (windows and macOS untested) with an up-to-date Cmake installation.

## Usage

### Client

Start the client by running `{projectRoot}/client/build/client` with no arguments, assuming the app is already built. This will open a command prompt with whom you can interact to initiate client-side actions. 

Type in `commands` to get a list of all available commands and their description. When it comes to our use-case, we won't need anything other than the following four directives:

```cpp
test - Test connection to server
connect - Connect to server
disconnect - Disconnect from server
login - Login to server
join - Join a channel
```

Here are some examples of usage:

```cpp
test 127.0.0.1 8080 // test <ip> <port>
connect 127.0.0.1 8080 // connect <ip> <port>
login user // login <username>
join general // join <channel>
disconnect // disconnect from the server you are currently connected to 
```

### Server

Once you fully understand how the client works, you'll need to get the server up and running. Again, assuming it is already built, run `{projectRoot}/server/build/server <ip> <port>` , `<ip>` and `<port>` being the IP address and port number you want your server to be reachable at. 

You should see a short log message similar to the one below if everything did start properly:

```
Server started on XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX:XXXX
```

In case of failure, try another port, it's often caused by another application already using it.

### Requests

Currently, the server does not support creating new channels, or users on the fly. However, this would be pretty easy to implement with the current architecture.

Here is again an example of usage:

```
ClientConsole> connect 127.0.0.1 8080
Connection successful
127.0.0.1:8080> login J0hn
Logged in as J0hn
J0hn@127.0.0.1:8080> join general
J0hn: Hey
Response: success OK
```
